[Music]
how to become taller and improve posture
in a week Alice Robinson from England
tested several modern techniques and
managed to become a half inch or one
point five centimeter taller in a week
thanks to stretching her spinal column
and increasing the intervertebral disk
height by 0.003 to 0.007 inches or one
to two millimeters correct posture will
add another inch to your height also
we've prepared a few stylish tricks that
will make you look taller and slimmer
but first let's have a look at eight
easy ways that can help you increase
your height naturally you actually
become taller even while you're asleep
ten minutes of lying on your back can
add 0.1 inches or five millimeters of
height this happens due to the shrinking
of the spine during the day and
returning to shape when you lie down you
can make this last by doing certain
exercises but remember that adults whose
growth zones have closed those who are
older than twenty-five won't get any
astonishing results number one ride a
bicycle to become taller by riding a
bike adjust to see so that you have to
stretch your legs to reach the pedal
don't place a too high though or you can
damage your joint you should ride a
bicycle for an hour every single day
ideally you need to ride at least 12 to
18 miles for 20 to 30 kilometres a day
however don't strain your muscles too
much you should increase the distance
gradually
[Music]
number two bang on a bar this one is a
straightforward exercise you don't need
to do chin-ups just hang on to the bar
they like this for as long as you can
and increase the time gradually the
exercise helps strength is the spinal
and abdominal lock hanging for one to
two minutes a day is enough for making
your arm muscle stronger number three
stand on your shoulders in this stance
stretch your legs upward as hard as you
can it's crucial to keep your body at a
right angle and not allow your legs to
fall abruptly otherwise you may get
injured be careful during the exercise
and also you can ask someone for howls
[Music]
number four do the Cobra exercise apart
can being good for your spine this
exercise can also stretch your back at
back of your hips and your buttocks
here's how to do it lie on your stomach
with your feet together bend your arms
at the elbows and prop yourself up on
your hands at a straight angle
breathing in carefully bend at the waist
and pull up your torso while holding
your head up a bit stay in this position
for 30 seconds then lower your body
while breathing out number five do body
bend while bending try to keep your legs
straight and touch your fingers to your
toes start off gently and gradually
increase the number and depth of event
number six jump
you can jump rope play basketball or
just jump on the spot the exercise helps
strengthen the bones and muscles and in
time you'll become a little taller
[Music]
number seven do the bridge exercise this
simple exercise helps strengthen your
lower back while pumping your abs and
buttocks also performing the bridge
exercise activates all the core muscles
and works them deeply number eight swim
swimming tops the list of exercises that
help you get taller in the water the
load on the intervertebral discs and
bones is far less and your joints become
more mobile
therefore swimming makes increasing
height easier also there are two other
factors that influence your height 1
your diet to become taller you should
consume sufficient amounts of calcium
iron vitamin D and other elements and
vitamins that your body needs to
function properly to sound sleep keep in
mind that you should sleep on a hard
surface it is best to pick an
appropriate orthopedic mattress and a
pillow to match all these will help you
grow a bit and keep your posture perfect
we dance there isn't a single person who
doesn't want to be stylish but
unfortunately not all fashion trends go
well with all types of Heights and
figures that's why when some women wear
fashionable clothes like they were made
for them and others may find themselves
literally shortened by those fashion
items let's have a look at the following
6 simple tricks that can help you look
taller and slimmer
[Music]
number one pick the right choose an
accessory the easiest way to become
taller is with high heel the color of
your shoes is also of great importance
any neutral colors Footwear will make
your legs seem longer black shoes
especially those with high lacing will
make your legs look shorter instead also
you shouldn't wear accessories that
pride your image in a horizontal line
like the now trendy choker it makes your
neck look thicker and your whole body a
little stocky number two be careful with
striped print you shouldn't wear the
currently fashionable striped clothes
without careful thought horizontal
stripes add volume while the incorrect
combination of this print and a
knee-length skirt will make you look
about an inch shorter and a striped top
with a monotone midi skirt on the
contrary to lengthen your shape number
three
choose jeans and bags according to your
height
[Music]
if you are of a smaller height and we're
short indeed it will make you look even
smaller combine such jeans with
high-heeled shoes and a crop top
high-waist jeans may also help you
adjust your height and look taller
vertical line accents will add to the
effect for example stripes will lengthen
your legs also pay attention to the size
of your back the best choice for petite
ladies is a small bag of no more than 10
inches in width a fashionable shopper
bag will make your image heavier number
four try palazzo pants palazzo pants are
a great way to conceal high heels or
platform shoes it will make your legs
look much longer choose calm and simple
single tone styles a shortened top high
waist pants is a combination that has
been fashionable for many seasons this
trick will maintain your upper and lower
body proportions and make your legs look
longer if you've chosen a sweater or a
blouse you can wear a thin belt or tuck
it into the pants number 5 don't
disregard pencil skirts pencil skirts
should be noted in particular they make
you look much slimmer and taller if you
don't have a short top a white shirt or
blouse will help you always have one at
hand should be tucked inside the skirt
this trip will make it look
significantly slipper
number six we're sure dresses correctly
[Music]
shirt dress has an interesting design
and goes well with almost any kind of
figure however petite girls may find it
looks awkward on them as though it was
made for a person of greater height also
it can give you some excess volume in
the waist this is easily adjusted so
just apply a belt and roll up your
sleeve the perfect sleeve length for
petite girls is 3/4 also try choosing a
single tone short dress we hope you've
learned a few beneficial tips while
watching the video if so hit the like
button below the video share it with
others and don't forget to click
subscribe to stay on the bright side of
life